# Chapter 4: Civil and Criminal

Okay so off the bat, I don't think of myself as a criminal. I don't think of myself as an acholic. The people who know me best, would tend to agree although I have in the past been known to drink them under the table. When I think of those terms I flich. I have been on more then one occasation been court mandated to do substance abuse. So it must be I have some sort of problem! The first time I was a teenager in highschool. I was pulled over and given a ticket for driving without my lisece. The passenger was drunk and had an open container. It ws also his car. So because I the minor was sober, and driving, I was responsible for everything. The drunk adult did not get a ticket or anything and my mom was called to come pick me up. The result was I could not get my lisence for a while (nothing to suspend). Also a substance abuse program called Action where I got my 60 or 90 day chip (can't remember how long the thing was) and that was the first time I was considered an outlier. <br><br><br><br>

I am also not a criminal as I mentioned above. Although I do have a CDCR number, a parole agent in Texas, and other legal issues. Again nothing is straight forward and nothing I can really do about it. It is just a state of being. I have technically been on parole for almost 9 years now. Even that is not straight forward because my release date was just a few months ago. That is where the civil comes into play. I was in the position to only spend 44 days in prision, but had the whatever it took to get sent to a mental hospital almost for the sole purpose of saying I did not do a crime. Oh you didnt do crazy criminal things? I don't believe you! Off with your head! Yeah, thats what the trained phd phycho bobble head dude said to me. After some time, his report changed to, well it's not clear what he did or didnt do, so he is okay in my book!